Hello miss
Your pot has arrived.
Oh, I see.
Who collects junk? Who has junk they don't want?
Collect junk
High price recycling junk
Oh, thank you.
Beautiful woman
Can you give me the bottle in your hand?
Anybody here?
No one. I went in
Ah ok thanks
Oh beautiful woman
You lost your bracelet.
Hey miss, what are you doing?
Did you lose your bracelet?
Thanks. What for?
We are about to get engaged
Who are you pulling here with?
Who is this trash?
He is my boyfriend
Do you care?
You stinky bitch let this young master not marry
I like him when I hang out with this trash
He is a hundred times better than you
Song Yue, don't forget the raw materials in our hands
If your Shen family can't get it, it's over
At that time
You can live in the sewer with this trash
What did you just say?
Can you say that again?
What the hell do you care?
Uh let me
Give it to me, why am I cold with you?
I don't want to live with you.